
CISC3140 Assignment
Matan Maimoni

Presentation Feedback Review

If I had the chance to redo the presentation, I would have spent less time on common knowledge and more time focusing on the more technical side of the topic. The topic of Virtual Reality is massive and can certainly be talked about for a long period of time. Had I spent more time researching the topic I would have been able to lengthen the presentation so that it didn’t seem too simple and short. The use of bullet points in substitution of long paragraphs would probably have been easier on the audience who isn’t interesting in reading or hearing me read out the long block of texts. I wanted to include video footage of the concept of Virtual Reality happening; YouTube video links showing doctors, soldiers, gamers and other types of people all interreacting with the device in their own way and showing the audience the different usages of Virtual Reality. If it wasn’t so complicated I would have brought over an actual Virtual Reality headset and controllers, so that I or someone else in the classroom could have presented what it is like to be immersed into the virtual space as part as the presentation so that it isn’t just boring slides. 
The problem with that would be not being able to carry over a expensive and fragile computer with the capability of running the display through the headset monitor as it takes a lot of graphical power as well as the setup could have taken a long time to get set before presenting. I wanted to go more into different examples on what Virtual Reality can be used for and didn’t such as the usage of Virtual Reality to treat patients that suffer through mental illnesses who can look towards the technology as a way of special treatment. As well as more time into explaining the hardware and software behind the product. Examples of developers who started out programming young and made successful videogames used with Virtual Reality devices so that it can inspire the classroom to do the same. 
The only reason I got into computer science was because some years ago I wanted to build a computer of my own and to do that I required to know about the software and hardware behind it. After building my computer successfully, that is when Virtual Reality was introduced to me and I was blown away by the idea. I didn’t realize that it existed before and how great it was, but most importantly a lot of people didn’t. It was technology made for a really small group of interested people or people who depended on it. The only thing that unmotivated me into go more into the Virtual Reality field was that, with the virtual space, the human body will feel motion sickness easily. While some people can put on the headset and feel just fine, I immediately would feel sick, to the point where not even motion sickness pills would help. However the topic was still very much interesting to me as I am still in love with the technology behind it and will continue to follow the news on the topic in the future, as well as I encourage other students to do the same as I don’t see Virtual Reality as just a fad like 3D glasses; it has marked its place in our timeline and is here to stay and renovate our future.
Overall the feedback I got was mostly positive, a lot of people seemed to think I presented well and with ease in understanding, as well as that the presentation wasn’t boring at all. I felt like I rushed through it during the researching and the presentation, as well as didn’t speak so confidently even though I really was interested in the topic I chose. What I learned from the feedback is that I should practice making slides more and not act so timid during the time that I want to teach and motivate others on a subject that I am inspired about.

